    def penalize(self, assumption ):
        ''' Mark the number with the highest penalty value as cruft
        
            After OCR, regular expression extraction, and
	    post-processing at the cluster and line level, extraneous
	    numbers will remain in the input stream that do not
	    represent income.  This method masks one number from the
	    totals calculations by marking it as CRUFT in the spec
	    object.  The choice of character to mask is controlled
            by positioning hints stamped on ambiguousNumber objects
            when they are created, and a formula applied in this
            function.
            
            The proper weighting of the penalty is something that will
	    need to be tuned over time in the light of experience and
	    experimentation.  In the prototype of this utility,
	    discarding of numbers in an assumption began from the
	    smallest value. An anonymous reviewer for JURISIN 2008
	    thought that numbers should be deleted from the top of the
	    sequence, which is clear evidence of the inadequacy of the
	    explanation in my hastily written paper (see the doc
	    directory of the distribution archive), since it would
	    just break everything.
            
            Here, we apply a penalty of 10000 to one, two and four
	    digit numbers that are in the first two lines and have a
	    category of Unknown, because these are likely to relate to
	    dates. Non-zero numbers of one digit at the start of a
	    line containing two or more numbers also receive a penalty
	    of 10000.  To catch notes like "2 members x 5,000 yen" at
	    the end of a line, we apply a penalty of 10000 to numbers
	    in the last and second to last position of a line, when
	    the line contains at least three numbers, and multiplication
            of the two values produces a value equal to the number at
            third-from-last position.
            
            Numbers for deletion are selected first from those with
	    the highest penalty value.  When multiple values are in
            that set, numbers are deleted beginning with that with
            the smallest value.  When multiple numbers match this
            condition, the first in sequence is deleted.
        '''
        pass

